they should be outside playing going to
school being hugged by their parents
instead their lives have been cut short
by Israeli
bombardment next to them dozens others
killed when Israeli forces struck the
al-ghazi refugee
camp Rescuers frantically trying to find
anyone
alive there's people underneath here he
says the camp mainly has women and
children
when the bombing hit all of my daughters
and my wife went to the hospital all
night I've been removing bodies from
beneath the rubble dead children we
pulled them from Three locations all of
a sudden life has been turned upside
down we don't know what to do we are
pulling people out with our own two
hands as you see all night we were
pulling the dead from beneath the
rubble hospitals already struggling with
a constant stream of casualties are now
dealing with even more patients
many here have lost
someone raan's father mother and brother
were killed leaving her an orphan she's
saying her final
farewell Israeli forces know every
school hospital and refugee camp in the
strip and many believe attacks like
these are
deliberate there's still no escaping
this war and its massacres now their
children are dead leaving the living to
Bear the
painad B
alaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer